{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 @author Nicholas Schmidt\
@alias nichschm\
@project Amazon Technical Academy Coding Project Application\
\
------------------------------------------------------------------------\

\f1\b \ul DESCRIPTION
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
This is the completed project for the ATA Coding Project application assignment. The objective is to create a Kiva Robot that handles user inputted actions and moves the Kiva Robot around a FloorMap. Actions include: \
Move FORWARD\
TURN_LEFT\
TURN_RIGHT\
TAKE (a pod)\
DROP (a pod)\
\
The robot has boundaries, and limitations. For example, the robot cannot move outside of its FloorMap, and cannot pass through obstacles. \
\

\f1\b \ul EXTRA
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
Additional .java files are included for testing purposes. These files do not use javadocs and are solely used as testing to create the final project. They are included because they were used on the project (Ie: \'93show your work\'94). However, the main files are \'93RemoteControl.java\'94 \'93KivaCommand.java\'94 and \'93Kiva.java\'94. \
------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Thank you for giving me this opportunity to participate in this immersive coursework for Java development. I am excited to move forward. My intentions are to impress the reader, as well as show motivation for further developing my skills. }